[ Upbeat music plays ]
>> Darwin: Why is everyone so
uncool on this school bus?
Is it really that bad to move so
we can sit together?
>> Gumball: That's animal
instinct, man.
Everyone's protecting their
territory.
>> Darwin: Aw, come on.
People aren't animals, dude.
Hey, Tobias.
Do you mind moving so we can --
>> [ roars ]
>> Darwin: Aah!
[ Muffled rock music plays ]
>> Gumball: H-hey! Carrie!
Carrie!
[ Whiffle! ]
[ Music intensifies ]
Carrie! Carrie!
Carrie!
Carrie!! Carrie!!
[ Whoosh! ]
>> I could do this forever.
I don't have bones.
>> Gumball: [ Growls ]
>> You can have my seat.
[ Hums ]
>> Gumball: Here's a lesson to
you selfish seat hogs!
Never judge a book by its
cover -- no matter how weird
and...Bald and a bit...Scary it
might be.
Thank you, sussie.
You're a gentleman and a lady.
Ohh! What is that?
>> The leather makes sussie
sweaty.
>> Gumball: Well, on second
thought, what kind of gentleman
could rob such a fine lady of
her seat?
Please, take it back. I insist.
Ooh! Ooh!
Oh! Hot flash. Hot flash.
I've got such a craving for some
anchovies and peanut butter.
Oh. Uh -- [ Clears throat ]
Hurry up, please.
I'm sitting for two.
[ Splat! ]
Ohh! They grow up so fast.
H-hey! Banana Joe!
How you doin', buddy?
[ Smack! ]
>> Darwin: Do you mind moving up
a seat so we can both --
>> I'd move for anyone except
you two backstabbing dweeb
muffins!
[ Both gasp ]
>> Gumball: Why are you so
angry, buddy?
Is it because we didn't defend
you when Tobias said your mom is
so overripe, she's got fruit
flies?
>> Darwin: Is it because we left
you at that gas station on the
way to daisyland on your
birthday, but because we were
almost there, we decided to just
pick you up on the way home?
>> Gumball: Is it because we
forgot about you on that camping
trip and you had to sleep under
a tent of your own skin and eat
a bit of yourself to survive?
And you waited for three days in
the woods, but then decided to
walk home and got lost?
And winter came and you tried to
light that fire with the lighter
fluid we said we left you, but
it wasn't lighter fluid -- it
was shampoo?
And you got frostbite, and
that's...Kinda why you have no
feet?
>> [ Scoffs ]
>> Darwin: I swear to you, my
banana friend, by the end of the
weekend, we shall discover the
source of your anger and appease
your wrath!
>> Gumball: Uh...No, dude.
We shall not.
It's our special weekend.
And nothing's gonna ruin it!
>> Darwin: don't worry.
We'll work it out.
[ Whoosh! Whoosh! Clatter! ]
>> Gumball: Unh!
No peanut butter!
The more time spreading the
stuff, the less time playing the
game.
[ Whoosh! ]
[ Clang! Thud! ]
I can't believe you'd go and get
tangled up in some menial banana
problems and forget about our
weekend.
[ Whoosh! Clatter! ]
I like banana Joe.
He's, like, my favorite fruit.
But I'm not gonna ruin the
gaming weekend of the century
for a weekday friend.
Do you remember how excited we
were about this game?
[ Beeping ]
[ Whir! ]
Dude.
There's a new "zelmore" coming
out.
[ Zip! ]
[ Upbeat music plays ]
>> Both: Yay-hey-hey!
[ Both laughing maniacally ]
>> Gumball: This is gonna be
so good!
>> Darwin: Dude!
Good so much game, can't words
say!
>> Gumball: A-ha-ha-ha-ha!
>> Darwin: [ Panting ]
>> Gumball: Dude!
The game!
[ Panting ]
The game, dude!
[ Crying ] The game!
>> Darwin: When it comes out,
you and me, buddy, we're gonna
buy this game and play it till
we're purple.
>> Gumball: Let's check if
there's any more info.
[ Zoom! ]
There's nothing.
>> Darwin: Hit "refresh."
>> Gumball: Still nothing.
>> Darwin: Hit it again.
I know.
But what about Joe?
He was so angry, he looked like
he was gonna get a nosebleed.
>> Gumball: Uh, I'm sorry.
Can you repeat that?
'Cause all i heard was...
[ Babbling mockingly ]
...And something about bailing
on the best weekend ever!
>> Darwin: Yeah, you're right.
I'm really sorry to have
forgotten about your weekend.
It's definitely more important
than a friend who's hurt,
possibly scarred forever,
because of something we --
well, let's be honest, more
likely you -- have done.
[ Crack! ]
>> Gumball: Aah! What is that?!
>> Darwin: That's the weight of
the guilt.
[ Echoing ] Give in to the nice
side.
Help the less fortunate and
make the guilt go away, my
friend.
>> Gumball: Ow! Make it stop!
[ Crack! Crack! ]
Ow!
>> Darwin: Surrender to your
kindness, gumball.
It's nice to be nice.
>> Gumball: [ Grunting ]
[ Plop! ]
>> Darwin: [ Gasps ]
>> Gumball: Your guilt is
strong, my friend.
But it is no match for the
power of my selfishness.
[ Squeak! Squeak! Squeak! ]
>> Hey, what do you call a fish
with no eyes? [I's]
A "fsh."
[ Laughs ]
[ Sighs ]
If a banana makes a joke and no
one's around to hear it, does
that banana even exist?
[ Mozart's "requiem" plays ]
[ Music stops ]
>> Darwin: [ Stifled ] Dude,
let's have a soda.
>> Gumball: What the --
did you just say something?
>> Darwin: [ Normal ] What?
I don't know what you're talking
about.
[ Stifled ] Did you get that?
Let's have a soda!
Yes, you!
Meet me outside by the machine!
>> Gumball: Hmm...
[ Gasps ]
Let's get out of here.
I'm getting shopping fever.
I'm starting to hear voices.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Gumball: Let's just get the
game.
>> Yeah.
>> Darwin: Good disguise.
See you at the soda machine.
>> Okay.
>> [ Gasps ]
>> Oh.
Your mom says hi, by the way.
[ Whoosh! ]
>> Are you guys here for
"zelmore"?
Do you know what time the store
opens?
>> [ Giggles ]
When your high score gets into
double digits, newb!
>> Pound!
[ Both laugh ]
>> [ Gasps ]
[ Snap! Boom! ]
>> This is what happens when you
spend all your time flaming
people on web forums.
>> You don't get girlfriends.
>> Gumball: [ Panting ]
>> [ Beeping ]
[ Whoom! ]
[ Beeping, whirring ]
>> Gumball: Hey!
Have you ever heard of personal
space?!
Oh, hi...Ocho.
[ Chuckles nervously ] Hi.
>> [ Beeping, whirring ]
[ Whoom! Whoom! Whoom! ]
[ Beeping ]
>> Gumball: Look, dude, i know
you have trouble handling your
intensity, and we're all excited
about the game, but could you
just calm down a little?!
>> I am calm!
[ Whoom! ]
>> Gumball: Oh, that's cool,
'cause I'm really calm, too,
now!
>> Well, not as calm as me!
>> Gumball: I'm the calmest man
on the planet!
>> Yeah?!
Any calmer, I'd be asleep!
>> Gumball: I'm as calm as a
moonlit lake!
>> I'm the calmest!
[ Whoom! ]
>> Gumball: I'm as calm as the
petal that falls softly from a
rose!
>> I'm as calm as the stream
that flows gently past the
Willow tree!
>> Darwin: Hey...Joe.
Uh, i know you're angry at us.
I just want to find out why.
>> Well, I've been thinking a
lot recently about our
friendship.
[ Whoom! Whoom! ]
And i just feel that maybe i --
[ shuffle! Shuffle! ]
Are you shuffling away from me?!
>> Darwin: Noooo!
I...Feel like it's you who's
moving away from us.
>> Oh.
It's true that recently I've
felt a little --
[ Shuffle! Shuffle! Shuffle! ]
Can you at least finish your
soda and pretend you care for a
second?!
[ Sloosh! ]
[ Whoosh! Crash! ]
>> Darwin: Hey, what was that?!
>> I'm pretty sure you're
supposed to do your diversion
before pouring the soda on the
floor.
[ Whoom! Whoom! Whoom! ]
>> Darwin: Look, i just can't
hang out right now.
But can we sort something out
for later?
>> Well, i am making a new video
tonight, so you guys should come
around --
[ shuffle! ]
Are you listening?!
Come help me make my video
tonight!
>> Darwin: Where?! When?!
>> The gym -- at the school!
And don't let me down!
>> Darwin: I won't! I promise!
>> Gumball: I didn't need your
help.
It's not like i got my butt
kicked.
>> Darwin: Yeah, i guess it
looks more like a head-butt...
On your butt.
>> Gumball: Shhhhhhhh!
don't spoil this moment.
I'm gonna open the box.
¶ Do-do-do-do do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do do-do-do-do ¶
¶ do do do do! ¶
[ whirring ]
[ Clack ]
[ Whirring ]
Dude, where are you going?!
>> Darwin: Uh, i, uh...
Need to powder my nose.
>> Darwin: Are you gonna sneak
out of the window, do something
in secret for a while, and sneak
back here and pretend you were
never gone?
>> Darwin: Noooo.
>> Gumball: All right, then.
[ Beep ]
- >> Darwin: [ Sighs ]
How do i get out of here now?
Aha!
Aaaaaaaah!
[ Splat! ]
>> Gumball: [ Muffled ] Darwin?
Darwin? Buddy?
>> Darwin: [ Moans ]
>> Gumball: [ Sweetly ] Are you
okay?
That was quite a fall.
Lucky you landed on these.
[ Crack! ]
>> Darwin: Aah! My back!
What are they?
>> Gumball: Bricks!
Because i knew you'd bail on me!
All of this for your bro-Nana.
>> Darwin: Okay.
[ Crack! ]
[ Groans ]
I think i have the solution
to our problem.
How about we just invite Joe
over to play with us?
>> Gumball: Uh, no!
It's supposed to be just you and
me, man!
don't you remember?!
>> Darwin: Actually, that's not
what i remember.
When it comes out, you and me,
buddy...
And banana Joe...
We're gonna buy this game and
play it till we're purple.
[ Squish! ]
>> Gumball: [ Coughs, spits ]
Enough with the brainwashing!
>> Darwin: But banana Joe needs
us.
>> Gumball: Ohhhh! For what?!
>> Welcome back to
"banana Joe's body jam."
Explosion -- psoo!
Title card -- "volume 3, pecs"!
¶ na, na-na-na, nowr, nowr ¶
now, let's start with a basic
bench-press move.
Now, what you want do is --
[ Clank! ]
[ Breathes heavily ]
Aah!
That's an example of what you
shouldn't do.
- I wanted to show you how
important it is to always have
someone around to spot you.
But since i don't have
anybody...Yet, I'm gonna
demonstrate how you get out of a
situation like this.
What you want to do is --
[ clank! ]
Ow! Aah!
Okay.
That's to be expected.
Just roll back to the side, and
the weight --
ow! Ohh!
It's okay.
I'm sure they'll be here any
minute now.
>> Darwin: Look, i don't like it
when people don't like me, okay?
And i promised bajayjay that
I'd help him out.
>> Gumball: What the --
[ splat! ]
"Bajayjay"?!
You've got nicknames now?!
[ Voice breaking ] You're better
friends with him than me.
Why don't i have a nickname?
>> Darwin: But gumball is a
nickname.
>> Gumball: Not a new one!
>> Darwin: Y-you want a new
nickname?
Okay, fine.
I'll give you one now.
Just chill out, okay?
Gummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...
Bag?
>> Gumball: I love it!
>> Darwin: So...Can we go and
see banana Joe now?
>> Gumball: No!
>> [ Groaning ]
It's okay.
I'm sure they'll be here any
minute [Chuckles] now.
[ Groans ]
And...Now.
In three...
Two...
One...
Now?
[ Groans ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Squish! ]
Oh, man.
>> Darwin: Friendship is more
important than some game!
>> Gumball: It's not about the
game!
[ Crying ] don't you get it?
It's about us.
I just wanted to spend some time
together.
But i guess you don't feel the
same.
[ Smack! Smack! ]
>> Darwin: don't you dare doubt
my love.
You are the most precious thing
in my life.
>> Gumball: [ Muffled ] As
precious as a diamond dipped in
gold [Sniffles] sprinkled with
emeralds [Sniffles] and all
wrapped in a big platinum bow?
>> Darwin: No, dude. More.
[ Both sigh ]
>> Gumball: Come on, then,
buddy.
Let's go and see Joe.
>> Darwin: Maybe it can wait
till tomorrow.
>> Gumball: You want to play
that game as much as me, don't
you?
>> Darwin: Yeah.
And I'm sure Joe's getting on
fine without us.
>> [ Moaning ]
They'll be here soon.
[ Moans ] Ohhhh...
Ohh!
[ Crrrreak! Clank! ]
Aah!
[ Groans ]
Ow!
[ Groaning ]
[ Zip! ]
Whoa! Whoa!
Aah! Aah! Aah!
[ Crackle! Boom! ]
They'll be here any minute now.
[ Lights click ]
>> Gumball: All right, dude.
One ring for "yes" and two rings
for "no."
Does it hurt?
[ Ding ]
>> Darwin: Do the bandages itch?
>> Gumball: Are you still mad at
us?
[ Ding, ding ]
>> Both: Ohh!
We're bffs again!
>> [ Stifled shouting ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Sighs ]
>> Gumball: [ Mockingly ] "And
if you really didn't know that,
then maybe you should read a
book."
>> Darwin: I don't know, dude.
This book says he's right.
Apparently, nachos aren't fruit.
>> Gumball: [ Normal ] What the
what?!
You mean we've been in a flame
war for seven hours and we
can't even win?!
[ Sighs ]
>> Darwin: Did he make any
spelling mistakes?
>> Gumball: No.
But he did say "who" instead of
"whom."
>> Darwin: Call it.
[ Keyboard clacking ]
"I think you'll find it's
'whom.'"
[ Laughs wickedly ]
>> Gumball: Whap! Whap!
Cyber-psych!
>> Darwin: Quick!
Block it before he can respond!
[ Chime rings ]
>> Gumball: [ Laughs ]
I love elmoreplus.
It's like real life, but with
none of the consequences!
>> Darwin: Yeah.
You get to see what everyone
does and how happy they are and
how much better their lives are
compared to ours.
Let's write more sarcastic
comments.
>> Gumball: "Just got my roots
done.
What do you think?"
[ Mouse clicks ]
"I think you should realize this
is a public forum and put your
pot back on."
[ Both snicker ]
[ Chime rings ]
- >> Darwin: "Upset because of a
certain someone.
They know who they are."
>> Gumball: "Stop posting
mysterious status updates when
we have no idea who you're
talking about."
[ Click ]
[ Ding ]
[ Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding,
ding, ding, ding, ding ]
[ Sighing ] I don't get this.
There's always people who will
give the thumb-up to everything,
like, "Tobias is getting his
appendix out today.
Prob gonna have a scar."
"Thumbs up from Alan!"
What is he liking about that,
exactly -- the fact it wasn't
him who was in pain?
>> Darwin: Let me handle this.
"You have reached your thumb-up
limit.
Please walk away from your
computer, look at yourself in
the mirror, and give yourself a
thumb down."
[ Click ]
[ Ding ]
>> Gumball: [ Sighs ]
Let's just block him.
In fact, let's block everyone
that annoys us.
Mm, block, block, block, block,
block, block, block, block,
block.
Done!
[ Click ]
[ Chime rings ]
- >> Darwin: We got a message.
>> Gumball: Who from?
>> Darwin: I don't know.
It's blocked.
[ Demonically ] "Dear gumball
and Darwin--"
>> gumball: What's with the
voice?
>> Darwin: [ Normal ] It says
"read in a deep scary voice" at
the top.
[ Demonically ] "You have
wronged me for the last time.
By the end of today, i will have
my revenge and you will be sorry
for the way you treated me."
Signed, "your sworn enemu."
[ Chime rings ]
"sorry -- typo.
I meant 'enemy.'"
[ Both gasp ]
>> Both: Aah!
>> Gumball: What did we do?!
And who sent that message?!
It could be anyone!
>> Darwin: It couldn't just be
anyone!
It has to be someone we've
upset!
Yeah, you're right.
It could be anyone.
[ Both gasp ]
[ Whir! ]
>> Gumball: Oh! I know!
Let's apologize to everyone.
>> Darwin: Yes.
That's the only way we can be
sure.
>> [ Thinking ] How could you
forget what you've done to me?
[ Whoosh! ]
Hey, guys, i just wanted to say
that you seem really cool, and,
well...
I think we should hang out.
What do you...Say?
- >> Gumball: [ Laughing ] Wow!
That was awkward.
Okay, so, um...We're gonna go
now, but you, uh...
You should stay here.
'Kay, bye.
[ Whoosh! ]
>> Your time will come.
[ Splootch! ]
>> Darwin: Come on!
There must be something we've
done to you that's worth an
apology.
Think!
>> Gumball: Yes, come on.
Use your pointy brain.
>> But sussie's not angry.
Sussie likes you.
Sussie likes all the things
in the world.
>> Gumball: Yeah, well, i got to
apologize for something, so I'll
apologize for this.
[ Plays rhythm ]
[ Whap! ]
>> Aaaaah!
>> Gumball: Oh, my gosh!
I am so sorry.
>> [ Laughs ]
But sussie like that, too!
>> Gumball: Aww.
Okay, next.
>> ¶ ah-ah ah-ah oh-oh oh-oh ohh
ohh ¶
>> darn right I'm angry at you!
>> Gumball: Tell us about it.
>> Have you ever noticed that
nothing in this world is set up
as it should be?!
>> Darwin: Like what?
>> I should be more important!
I should be the one with the
sidekick and exciting
adventures!
I'm more handsome, richer, and
more colorful than you guys, and
yet it's like I'm the
- supporting character of my own
life!
>> Gumball: [ Clicks tongue ]
[ Sighs ] Come on.
>> I'm not hugging you.
We're both in towels.
>> Darwin: Come on.
>> Noooo -- n-no!
Get off! Get off! Get off!
Get off! Get off!
[ Blam! ]
>> Gumball: Come on!
Gimme a hug!
>> Aah!
Leave me alone, you weirdos!
>> Darwin: [ Sighs ]
You leave us no choice.
Accept our apology!
Accept it!
Forgive us!
Look how sorry we are!
Give us a hug!
>> Okay! [ Sighs ]
Geez!
[ Yoink! ]
[ Whoosh! ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Blam! ]
>> Gumball: Right!
That's one less angry friend to
deal with.
>> Darwin: Who's next?
>> Gumball: Uh...Leslie.
>> [ Gasps ]
>> Gumball: Hey, buddy.
We apologize for --
>> it's okay!
[ Panting ]
I-i forgive you, all right?
>> Both: Mnh-nnh-mnh.
[ School bell rings ]
>> Your time to apologize has
passed.
Expect nothing but my wrath
now!
[ Rumbling ]
[ Clang! ]
Ouch.
>> No, no, no, guys.
I apologize for making you feel
like you owed me an apology.
>> Gumball: Dude, this has been
going on for an hour now.
Just accept our apology and
let's be done with it!
>> I apologize for apologizing
so much.
>> Darwin: [ Groans ]
Stop apologizing for one
second --
>> sorry.
>> Gumball: Uh, um -- [ Groans ]
I think it's clear it's not him
who sent us a scary message.
>> I apologize for not being the
person you were looking for.
[ Bonk! ]
[ Echoing ] I'm sorry for being
so annoying!
>> Gumball: Aaaa--
>> Darwin: Shh!
Walk away, man.
Just walk away.
>> Gumball: [ Sighs ]
You're right. You're right.
>> I apologize for making you
leave!
[ Whoosh! Pop! ]
[ Splat! ]
>> [ Sighs ]
You know, the fact that you
don't know what you're
apologizing for means that you
basically don't care.
>> Gumball: How dare you judge
my guilt!
Do you know how torn and
tormented i am?!
Do you really want to see my
soul weep, Carrie?!
Do you?!
>> Yeah. Let's see some tears.
>> Gumball: Fine!
[ Grunting ]
>> Okay, okay! I forgive you!
Please -- stop before you
permanently damage your dignity!
>> Gumball: Cool. See you later.
[ Sighs ] This is exhausting.
Let's apologize a little faster.
[ Adventurous music plays ]
Hey, masami.
We're sorry for what we've done,
and if there's anything we can
do to make it up to you, then --
>> oh!
Well, actually, there are a
couple of things --
>> gumball: Uh, let me stop you
right there.
We don't have a lot of time, so
I'm just gonna placate you with
some half-baked lie and then
come up with a lame pretext to
bail on you.
>> Darwin: Sorry, masami.
We've got to go because of some
random excuse.
Bye!
>> Gumball: Hey, girl we don't
know!
Sorry for never talking to you
enough to actually have
something to apologize for!
>> My name is Sara.
[ Slurp! Plop! ]
>> Darwin: Hey, penny.
I'm sorry for never being up
front about my emotions or
having the courage to stand in
front of you like a man and tell
you how i feel.
>> Oh. Wow.
I never realized you had any
feelings towards me.
If anyone did, i would have
thought it was gumball.
>> Gumball: Sorry for being too
scared to say it in person!
[ Panting ]
Ow!
[ Crash! ]
Hey, sis.
Sorry i used your red
toothbrush.
Please don't destroy us.
>> Anais: The red one?
That's not my toothbrush.
Mine's the blue one.
>> Darwin: Wait -- i thought the
blue one was mine.
>> Anais: Ohh.
You mean we've been...
[ Both shudder ]
>> Gumball: Well, at least no
one's been using my yellow
toothbrush.
>> Anais: Yellow toothbrush?
>> Gumball: Yeah, that big one
we keep by the side of the bath.
>> Darwin: You mean dad's back
brush?
[ Ominous piano chord plays ]
>> Gumball: [ Chuckles ] Nah.
Mm.
[ Gasps ]
[ Gagging ]
Yep.
[ Sighs ]
That's the one.
So, that's Alan, Tobias, and
anais, and...
Well, i guess that's everyone.
[ Chuckles ] Wow!
It's like a massive weight's
been lifted off my --
what the what?!
Dude, what's going on with you?
>> Darwin: Wow!
I guess it must have been the
stress of everyone being angry
at us all the time.
I've been losing my hair for
years and never even realized!
Uh, what's up with you?
>> Gumball: I don't know.
I just feel really at peace with
the world, as well.
[ Animals chittering ]
Have i ever told you i love you,
Darwin?
>> Darwin: Never like this.
[ Both sigh ]
[ Buzzer ]
>> Gumball: [ Gasps ]
[ Demonically ] "I am coming for
you now!"
>> Darwin: Aah!
[ Lights click ]
>> Both: Aah!
>> Gumball: We need to get out
of here!
He's coming for us!
>> Darwin: Everything's locked!
>> Gumball: [ Panting ]
The only way out is down there.
[ Whoosh! ]
>> Darwin: Okay, you go first.
>> Gumball: No way, man.
The guy at the front always gets
it.
>> Darwin: Fine. I'll go first.
>> Gumball: No, wait!
I don't want to be at the back.
The guy at the back is the
easiest to pick off.
>> Darwin: Well, what do you
want me to do?
[ Streeeeeeetch! ]
[ Gagging ]
>> Gumball: Dude, be quiet.
We're nearly at the front door.
>> Darwin: [ Strained ] Yeah,
and i can't move my gills.
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah...
>> Gumball: No, you don't.
>> Darwin: Ah-choo!
[ Splat! ]
>> Gumball: [ Gasps ]
[ Blam! ]
[ Plop! ]
We're locked in!
>> Darwin: Who are you?!
Why are you doing this to us?!
[ Pop! ]
>> Gumball: Let's think.
It's got to be the person we
least expect.
>> Darwin: Well, i suppose the
person i least suspect is me.
>> Gumball: [ Gasps ] Of course!
It can only be you!
>> Darwin: Wait!
By the same logic, it could be
you, as well!
Aah!
Ohh!
Back off!
>> Gumball: [ Screams ]
Wait -- what are you gonna do,
divide me by zero?
[ Shing! ]
>> Darwin: I said step back!
>> Gumball: Aah!
You stay away from me, man!
[ Slosh! ]
This water is really old!
[ Muffled shouting ]
>> You have foolishly fallen
into my trap.
Now you will destroy yourselves
and your friendship at the same
time.
Maybe then you will understand
my pain!
- >> Gumball: I don't want to
fight you, man!
>> Darwin: I don't want to,
either, but it looks like that's
what's happening!
>> Gumball: Well, in that case,
i don't want to lose!
>> Darwin: Aah!
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!
Why don't we just apologize to
each other, and then we're cool
again?
>> Gumball: Ha.
[ Chuckling ] Oh, yeah.
>> No. No.
How dare you rub your
friendship in my face.
[ Rumbling ]
Look at me.
I am talking to you!
Look at me!
[ Boom! ]
[ Both coughing ]
>> Gumball: [ Gasps ]
What?! William?!
But we've never done anything
wrong to you, dude.
[ Rumbling ]
Run.
>> Darwin: Okay, I'll go first.
>> Gumball: No, wait!
I should go first.
>> Darwin: What? Why?
>> Gumball: Um...'Cause there
might be danger ahead and i just
want to protect you.
>> Darwin: I'm not going at the
back.
He's definitely gonna attack the
guy at the back.
>> Gumball: I've got just the
solution.
>> Darwin: Aaaaaaah!
[ Clatter! ]
>> There is no escape.
What the --
>> Darwin: What do we do now?!
>> Gumball: I don't know.
How do you fight an eye?
>> Darwin: Dude! Shampoo!
It's like the stingiest thing in
the world.
[ Boom! ]
[ Whistles ] Hey! William!
Feast your eye on this.
[ Squish! ]
Aaaaaah! My eyes!
Aaaaaaaaaah!
Oh, wait. It's not that bad.
[ Chuckles ] It's baby shampoo.
[ Whir! ]
>> Gumball: Watch out!
[ Crash! ]
[ Steam hisses ]
>> You cannot hide from me.
Turn around.
Turn around and face me like
men!
I am talking to you.
[ Wings fluttering ]
>> Gumball: There he is,
creeping up on us in silence
again.
>> In silence?
[ Gasps ]
oh, gosh.
No one can hear me, can they?
Oh, i suppose it makes sense.
I don't have a mouth.
I thought you'd ignored me on
purpose all my life.
And when you blocked me on
elmoreplus, something snapped.
What was i thinking?
I'm so sorry.
You must be terrified and
confused.
I cannot apologize enough.
>> Darwin: Now!
[ Whap! ]